okay so these r minus skulkin they're in
here things just gone today for about 20
pounds i think from hmb they're designed
to be used for sports mainly basically
you put in this comes wraps around your
ear so that it reduces the chance of it
falling out now I'm having difficulties
with this i mean i'd put in wrap it
around but this wire is just loose so
don't know if it's just sighs my ear or
you know but overall I'm pretty happy
from wife heard from them to be honest
good sound coming from them this end of
the wire is amazing there is like
actually like stiff you know I mean
there is no way this could ever go on
down which happened to my previous
headphones which I threw away I know oh
yeah so I'll try and plug this into
something see if you can hear it through
the camera let's see
yeah I'm not sure if you can hear that's
just playing out my phone is from here
it's pretty loud for a pair of
headphones I mean you wouldn't expect it
to be heard that loud me when it's not
even in your ear but anyway oh the thing
I did like about it was it came with
this cool pouch thing with a skull candy
logo on the front basically get this
open it up like that there you go inside
this sort of net so that they can't fall
out close out and that's it you're done
let me see anything else up this cable
itself is really high quality it's like
a clear plastic but inside the actual
cable is like metal wiring you know I
mean really really high Kali oh it did
come with a both large small large and
small buds for the earphone itself which
was quite handy seeing as the ones that
were on it which what the large ones
didn't really suit me so I just put
these smaller ones on good job pretty
amazing but yeah now i also got let me
get it sennheiser 205 HD to irvine spicy
so if you can see but it's rather cold
leather pouch says sennheiser on it
these are about 40 pounds let me get
them out of the bag also from hating be
by doing
okay that semis are on the top HD 205
now what can I say the sound quality is
actually amazing and I had skull candy
skull crushers before this until they
broke and they do not even compare to
this I mean the base is amazing on these
like it's just blooming into your ear
it's for like one second it's got this
sort of quite wrong on what a rotating
cup I could like DJ headphones which is
what they're sort of made for but anyway
once again into something plug it into
my phone again and see what it sounds
like wow that is pretty loud naked
passive speakers to be honest if you
wondering what the song is it is riot by
three days grace it's my blackberry bold
9700 right so back to the headphones
they are amazing now this bit is very
comfortable that actually bit that goes
around here however this is really tight
and I mean even if you open it up like
it's just really tight on your head but
I mean they are back on on average I
mean he will seem to mind it thought you
know personally I just think it's it
could be better in general they're
pretty comfortable sound quality is
amazing probably the best headphones
I've had in terms of sound I mean
skullcrushers were more comfortable but
you know what can I say they broke
anyway yeah so can you if you have any
questions just you post them as a
comment or message me or anything any
requests for a next video you know my am
i doing room tour or something got quite
a lot of stuff to show you guys sneak
pink rose hill yep yeah so any requests
just once again comment will message me
you know I mean don't forget to rate
this video comment and subscribe thank
you